Hi guys, K-Movie Recapped here.
Before we start, WARNING!
Spoilers Ahead!
Today, I’m going to explain a 2021 Thailand
Horror-Mystery movie called Ghost Lab.
This movie tells the story of two best friends
who are trying to scientifically prove the
existence of ghosts.
But once they crossed the line, they regret
their decision.
Watch the movie until the end to see their
shocking experiment result.
The story starts with 2 residency doctors,
who are long-time best friends, discussing
a recent patient case with 2 other nurses.
The patient is badly burnt all over his body
and his head is nearly split in half.
That patient died on the bed, wailing and
writhing in pain.
Dr. Gla loves ghost stories and thinks that
case is interesting.
But his best friend, Dr. Wee, doesn’t believe
in ghosts because it can’t be explained
scientifically.
Dr. Wee’s mother has been admitted to the
same hospital he works in for the last 8 years.
He becomes a doctor because of it.
He always takes care of his mother after work,
which makes him doesn’t have any social
life.
Dr. Gla is his only bestfriend.
On the night, when they are on a night shift,
they discuss more about the possibility of
the existence of ghosts.
Suddenly, they see something unexpected.
It’s an unknown dark figure, like a person,
but with a burnt body.
They realized that it is the ghost of the
patient they talked about earlier.
Feeling curious, Dr. Gla moves toward it while
Dr. Wee records it on his phone.
But suddenly, that figure is gone.
The video Dr. Wee recorded doesn’t show
anything, the hospital CCTV also doesn't show
that unknown figure.
On the next day, they talk about that bizarre
event.
Dr. Wee still doesn’t believe it despite
after he saw it with his own eyes.
It can’t be explained scientifically.
So Dr. Gla suggests doing their own investigation.
He asks Dr. Wee to follow him to a room at
the old building of the hospital.
Inside, there are already some investigation
results that Dr. Gla did.
It turns out that Dr. Gla has been doing an
investigation on ghosts.
He has done various experiments at various
locations around the world to prove the existence
of ghosts.
He told Dr. Wee that his first encounter with
a ghost was when he was still a child.
Not long after his father died, he saw an
unknown figure that looked like his father.
But after that, he hasn’t seen any other
ghost, until last night.
He has a dream to publish a scientific journal
about the existence of ghosts.
Dr. Wee looks interested in ghosts now and
decided to do the experiment together.
After discussing for a while, they concluded
that since the camera can not capture the
image of ghosts, they need to make the other
see the ghost as well.
But to do that, they need to find a method
to control the appearance of ghosts.
After a week of trying to contact the same
ghost, they haven’t succeeded yet.
They try to do an experiment on the old building
of the hospital and get evidence about poltergeist
ghosts, but the ghost doesn’t show itself
so it can’t be used as evidence.
They then decide that they need to make some
kind of relationship with the ghost to make
them appear in front of them.
Dr. Gla suggests making a relationship with
terminally ill patients, hoping that after
they die, they will show themselves to them.
But Dr. Wee opposes the idea, telling him
that manipulating patients just for the sake
of the experiment is wrong.
While debating, Dr. Wee suddenly gets a message
that his mother is in critical condition.
Her doctor was able to resurrect her but now
she is brain dead.
Dr. Wee decides to let his mother go and turns
off her life support.
After her mother has passed away, he and Dr.
Gla spend the night in his mother's room,
hoping that she will contact them.
In the middle of the night, his mother appears,
trying to tell him something.
He couldn't hear what she was trying to say
but not long after that, she disappeared.
Frustrated by the death of his mother and
the fact that their experiment is hitting
a wall, Dr. Wee suggests a crazy idea.
He offers to kill himself so that he can turn
into a ghost.
Any other ghost doesn’t have the will to
do the experiment, but if the ghost is him
they can do the experiment as much as they
like.
Dr. Gla thinks that since he started the experiment,
if someone needs to die, it’s him.
They agreed to flip a coin to see who will
have to die.
It turns out to be Dr.Wee.
They then prepared to execute the crazy idea.
Dr. Gla hugs him for the last time and goes
outside the room.
But in the end, Dr. Wee couldn’t pull the
trigger.
He backs down at the last moment.
Seeing that, Dr. Gla goes inside and tells
him not to worry.
He then grabs the gun and shoots his own head.
Some times have passed, but Dr. Wee has not
been contacted yet by the ghost of Dr. Gla.
People start wondering why he killed himself.
His mother and his girlfriend are devastated.
Dr. Wee is frustrated and feels responsible
for the death of his friend.
He decided to kill himself by jumping from
the top of the building.
But just after he jumps, something is pulling
him back to safety.
It’s the ghost of Dr. Gla.
He feels relieved by it.
It’s the first contact between him and the
ghost of Dr. Gla.
Dr. Wee tries to contact him again, but he
doesn’t respond.
He then tries to do something crazy again.
He tries to cut his finger, but Dr. Gla comes
to save him.
He still can’t see him, but they can communicate
by using the laptop now.
Dr. Gla told him that he can’t see another
ghost and his visibility is limited.
He only can see and interact when he is emotionally
affected.
Not long after that, Dr. Gla disappears again.
Dr. Wee then goes to Dr. Gla’s mother.
When they talk about the death of Dr. Gla,
his mother and sister become sad.
This makes Dr. Gla emotionally affected and
can interact with them.
Dr. Gla tells Dr. Wee that this is too painful
for him and disappears.
Later, Dr. Wee tries to force him to show
up by cutting his finger again.
But this time, Dr. Gla doesn’t show up and
his finger is amputated.
Mia starts looking for the reason behind Dr.
Gla’s suicide.
She takes the laptop from Dr. Wee.
After realizing that the laptop is missing,
he goes to Mia’s apartment.
There, Dr. Gla interacts with him again and
tells him to tell Mia about everything.
But Dr. Wee refuses, making Dr. Gla angry.
The lift suddenly stops and falls down.
It almost kills him.
On the next day, Dr. Wee invites Mia to their
experiment room.
He told her that he will tell her everything.
But when she gets there, he drugs her and
tries to sexually assault her.
He tries to provoke Dr. Gla further so that
he can appear in front of him.
As expected, Dr. Gla comes and throws Dr.
Wee across the room.
Dr. Gla keeps attacking him and throws him
from the second floor.
Even though his leg is broken.
He still tries to record this evidence on
his phone.
But Dr. Gla grabs his broken leg and twists
it, making him unconscious.
When he wakes up, he realizes that he is in
the morgue.
He lies beside Dr. Gla’s body.
It suddenly moves and strangles him until
he dies.
In the underworld, he meets Dr. Gla.
He tells him to stop the experiment.
They have crossed the line too far.
He doesn’t want Dr. Wee to do more crazy
things just for the experiment.
Dr. Gla is already proud of what he has done
so far and tells him to live his life for
him.
He agrees to stop the experiment.
He then suddenly comes back to life.
At the end of the story, he tells Mia about
the truth and apologizes for what he did to
her that night.
She accepts it and says that she is happy
because when she was asleep that night she
met Dr. Gla in her dream.
He looks happy and is holding a magazine with
his and Dr. Wee’s face on the cover.
He then decides to delete all of the experiment
data and lives his life just like Dr. Gla
told him at the underworld.
Make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications
so you can watch more videos like this.
Thanks for watching, and see you, next time.